PURPLEISH SPECIFICATION

Copyright (c) 2023 Ehan Ahamed and contributors
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL),
Version 1.0
https://src.ehan.dev/purpleish/LICENSE.txt

SECTION 1: Introduction, Vocabulary, Branding &
Conventions

Purpleish, spelled exactly as written, is a color scheme.
The color scheme consists of a specification, a color list,
and many themes. Different color schemes have different
vocabularies
and technical terms, Purpleish's unique vocabulary is
specified
in this document. Regardless of what vocabulary is used
scientifically, all components of Purpleish should follow
this
specification when possible.

The "COLOR SCHEME" refers to the whole software; all of
Purpleish.

A "THEME" refers to an individual component of the full
software
which integrates the colors of Purpleish into another
software.

The "SPECIFICATION" refers to the document in which the
colors,
usage, and other components of Purpleish are defined.

A "COLOR," spelled exactly as written, has a specific hue,
saturation, and brightness. Colors do not have multiple
shades,
each color has a specific brightness.

A "HUE" is what differentiates a set of colors when all
said
colors have the same brightness and saturation.

The "BRIGHTNESS" of a color is how light or dark the color
is.

The "SHADE" of a color is the same as its brightness.
However,
the brightness is a specific measurement and unit, while a
shade
is relative to another color and has no actual
measurement.

The "saturation" is how vibrant or colorful a color is.

There may be instances in which a certain programming
language or
configuration format uses different vocabulary that cannot
be
adjusted or changed. In such case it is appropriate to use
different terms.

Purpleish is spelled as written and is capitalized
differently
depending on the situation. Although the word "purplish"
which
means "somewhat purple" is spelled differently, Purpleish
has
its own unique speling.

In urls, repository names, certain filenames and similar
cases,
Purpleish is fully lowercase.

In webpages, writing, logos, and other forms of
"pretty-print"
text, the first letter of Purpleish is uppercase.

Certain programming languages, configuration formats, and
writing styles reccomend specific casing styles. Purpleish
source code should have the name Purpleish written however
the programming language or styleguide reccomends. However,
the user-facing "pretty-print" output should adhere to the
specification, as explained above.

SECTION 2: Colors
